(***)
(***) and between wait do we have a hair like the
you know like what i mean
So he's like a white guy.
Is it like straight up? Like a pineapple head?
Do you have a picture ahh  yammmm
full of fun
No, I love talking about this shit
i don't think no i think tyler's more the person like you would want to meet them organically
You know what I mean? Like, I don't think you would do like dating apps.
What is that?
Wait, we kind of had that, but they never actually did it. Oh, really? You remember that best friend thing?
you didn't see that it's on the screen it was a while ago it was like before we even got into call like before we
Yeah,  you would have been an F, not an F.
what classes you are , for like That's cute
Damn. We should do that. I think it would be fun.
I thought you meant marriage pack as in like, oh, if I'm single by 30,
40 I don't know
UW? University of Washington? Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah, I thought you said you know.
Oh.
Northwestern. Northwestern. Sorry, (***)
Northwestern northwestern
Wait, how would he seem like her type? In like the future?
ahh
So she doesn't know how he looks like or anything? Like he's like totally blind?
oh yeah That's so interesting.
(***)
Which one should I use here?
is she from (***) Is she from your school? oh
Wait, she likes to transfer or she had to transfer like a piece of-
So weird.
Wait, where does she want to go?
So she's going to transfer every school year to a new college? New year, new (***)
(***)
easy for her
Wait, what's the point of that? Like, what are you gonna give your degree, like what are you gonna do when you graduate?
I don't understand, you know
No, for sure. Like, what are you doing?
Does she know what she wants to do as a job?
okay (***) Really?
Was this successful?
no
ahh
we need connections. (***)
That is so stressed like that is such a that like really shows a culture
Yeah, you don't even know who I am (***)
What you can do. like (***)